thesis game: 
courier
bike
asymmetrical multiplayer
city
time bound



>>> GAME DESIGN
> Synopsis
Radio Runner
Asymmetrical multiplayer game focusing on communication and planning.

> Design
The game is set in a city, with gridstyle roads.
There are up to 2 couriers, which have to fulfil a list of delivery orders.
There is a master player who has a map, which shows the courier's positions and 
the streets status. The master has the order list, the couriers do not.
The master's map is outfitted with a shortest path algorithm which provides the 
shortest path between to points in the map.
The streets are blocked by many obstacles:
    variable level of traffic makes the street difficult to navigate
    a drawbridge over a river or a rail
    a rail passage getting closed when a train crosses
    traffic lights
    parades / festivals / start or ending of an event / strikes
        causing high foot traffic
The master knows when some of the blocking occours 
    (traffic, train, drawbridge, traffic lights).
The couriers can look at billboards to see when an event will start / end 
    and where it will be.
The orders consist of a pickup site, a dropoff site and optionally 
    time constraints on the pickup time and the dropoff time.
The master has to plan the route during the time and relay the path to each
courier in the broadcast channel.
The couriers drive following the Master path.

> Setting
The city is at night, the major streets are arranged in a grid. A section of city
between major streets is a block, and may ocasionally contains alleys.
The couriers travel by bike and deliver pizza.


>>> STATE OF THE ART
> Games similar to thesis.

keep talking and nobody explodes
2 players coop asymmetrical, master and client
communication is necessary
puzzle solving by the master, client just acts and relays observations
win condition: solve all puzzles before time limit

among us
4-10 players impostor game
communication is needed only to convince people, can win without
pvp with restrictions, two teams try to kill each other
win condition: kill the enemy team

unrailed
1-4 players coop 
communication is for effective coordination, but not necassary
players have to collect resources to build the track of a moving train
win condition: survive as long as possible

overcooked
1-4 players coop 
communication is for effective coordination, but not necassary
players are cooks that have to prepare dishes to fulfil orders.
win condition: fulfil as many orders as possible during the time limit

viscera cleanup detail
1-4 players coop
communication is optional
players are janitors that have to clean up a mess in a futuristic environment
win condition: the map has to be completely clean

>>> PSICOLOGIA, APPLICAZIONI, TESTING
> skills trained by playing
> testing

>>> TECH
> architecture

>>> 